hi today we're making corn muffins not
the kind you find in the little jiffy
box but homemade from scratch corn
muffins and their turn off fantastic I'm
going to start off with a half a cup of
butter these two thirds cup of sugar one
quarter cup of honey two eggs half
teaspoon of salt and a half cups
all-purpose flour more about 190 grams
and three-quarters cup two yellow
cornmeal one-half teaspoon of baking
powder one half cup of milk and
three-quarters cup of frozen yellow corn
okay as you're about to see this is
going to be a really super easy corn
muffin mix to mission got the oven
preheat to 400 make the butter that's at
room temperature it's important you take
sugar half a cup of butter and then use
two thirds of a cup of sugar
take quarter cup of honey and case you
didn't already know you can do this this
is pretty easy way to get honey going
there's you a spray your measuring cup
this honey tends to stick and take
forever or see from this
and getting it out of measuring cups it
is not exactly fun trying to get all of
it out this doesn't do the most
excellent job but it does do a good job
so we got quarter cup it should slide
right out there which it is
the eggs twigs
and we're going to half a teaspoon of
salt
this one now
and we're going to what they see is
cream it which essentially is trimming
adult look that's why having the butter
room temperature really helps
cooperated
you
is considered cream we're going to do is
you're going to add the flour next the
cornmeal and the flour butter cup and a
half 190 grams roughly and three
quarters of a cup of yellow cornmeal
yeah
Malcolm teaspoon of baking powder
a couple
now we're ready to mix it up some more
first our laws doesn't splatter
everywhere spatula
you going to want to mix this really
really good till it's all really
incorporated you wanna make sure that
that baking power is well as corporated
in all of it and anything else you've
got
and the last going to go in is your
corner
stir that in my hand
all set well the banners all done we're
ready to put in the pans you could have
a regular muffin traditional muffin you
get little tiny muffins you don't have
to have boring regular muffins what
we're going to use today is a little
square they look like little loaves and
you get these just about anywhere now
and makes for a better presentation
first thing we're going to do ready each
one
now we're going to go and go figure oh
about half or three-quarters full with
this but of one and a half scoops looks
like it's going to be all set you're
going to get about but it you're getting
about a dozen with regular-size muffin
cups and with the smaller ones these
little loaf you about a dozen and a half
and we're going to take these and put
them in a 400-degree oven okay they've
been in there about 16 minutes they
popped right out of the pan and you do
the larger muffins prior look about 20
or 25 minutes and into a close up real
good I guarantee you eat these you'll
never ever go back to the jiffy box
again enjoy